what happened to the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence? udder destruction! -Bishop
what time did the man go to the dentist? tooth hurt-y. -jank
whats brown and sticky? a stick! -Bishop
whats blue and smells like red paint? blue paint! -Bishop
what do you call a fish with two knees? a two-knee fish  -sheep
i tell dad jokes but i don't have kids....i'm a faux pa! -sheep
what did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? aye matey -sheep
if a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest? -Bishop
where do sheep get their hair cut? at the baa baa shop -sheep
what did the drummer call his twin daughters? anna one, anna two! -Bishop
i used to be addicted to the hokey pokey. but then i turned myself around -sheep
i used to hate facial hair...then it grew on me -sheep
the rotation of the earth really makes my day -sheep
how do you make a tissue dance? you put a little boogie in it -sheep
what do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? irrelephant  -sheep
why are cats bad story tellers? they only have one tale -sheep
what do you call a deer with no eyes? i have no-eye-deer! -sheep
what do you call a fish with no eyes? fsh  -sheep
why did the football go to the bank?  to get his quarterback. -stoic
what concert costs $0.45? fifty cent feat. nickleback  -sheep
did you know the first french fries weren't actually cooked in france? they were cooked in greece. -Bishop
why can't a nose be 12" long? because then it'd be a foot -sheep
how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? ten-ticles -sheep
a son says to his dad "make me a sandwich" and the dad responds "poof! you're a sandwich" -sheep
what do you call a fish that studied neuroscience? a brain sturgeon. -MrPt
two peanuts were walking down the street. one was a salted. -scorpion
what do plants do when they first meet each other? they in-tree-duce themselves! -sheep
my wife told me i planted the wrong flowers. oopsie daisy  -sheep
what does a leaf do after it is irritated? it leaves -scorpion
what do you call two banana peels? a pair of slippers -scorpion
how do you get a pikacha on a plane? you poke-em-on. -MrPt
as i suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. the plot thickens... -poe
what do you call a cheerleading herb? an encourage-mint -sheep
what is the best plant at a party?  grapes, because they’re always raisin the roof. -poe
what did the grape do when it was stepped on? it let out a little wine -sheep
what do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?  pumpkin pi. -poe
what do you call a stolen yam?  a hot potato. -poe
what's the difference between a piano and a fish? you can tune a piano but you can't tuna fish -MrPt
why was the gardener so embarrassed? he wet his plants -sheep
what's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? anybody can roast beef but nobody can pea soup. -MrPt
what's green and has four wheels? grass, i lied about the wheels. -MrPt
why do bears have hairy coats? fur protection -sheep
who did the footprints marry? the footprincess. -Skew
did you hear about the cheese factory explosion? da brie was everywhere -sheep
do not use “beef_stew” as a password. it’s not stroganoff! -Bean
my daughter screeched, "daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word i've said, have you!?" what a strange way to start a conversation with me... -Bishop
justice is a dish best served cold, if it were served warm it would be justwater. -Bishop
a termite walks into a bar and asks, "is the bar tender here?" -Bishop
to call the whole elon musk controversy “elon-gate” seems like a bit of a stretch. -Bishop
what noise does a 747 make when it bounces? boeing, boeing, boeing. -Bishop
a parrot walks into a bar. the bartender asks, "hey, what can i get ya?" the parrot says, "hey, what can i get ya?" -Skew
what does the buffalo say when he drops his boy off at school? bison. -Skew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxrd2tvjli0 -b3atz
what do you call someone else's cheese? nacho cheese -sheep
i'm so good at sleeping i can do it with my eyes closed! -Bishop
so a vowel saves another vowel's life. the other vowel says, "aye e! i owe you!" -Bishop
two goldfish are in a tank. one says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?" -Bishop
what rhymes with boo and stinks? you! -Bishop
if an english teacher is convicted of a crime and doesn't complete the sentence, is that a fragment? -Bishop
last night i had a dream that i weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. i was like, 0mg. -Bishop
one of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill. they were goodyears! -Bishop
my wife asked me to stop singing “wonderwall” to her. i said maybe – -Bishop
my wife asked me to go get 6 cans of sprite from the grocery store. i realized when i got home that i had picked 7 up. -Bishop
dogs can’t operate mri machines. but catscan. -Bishop
what do you call a psychic dwarf that's on the run? a small medium at large. -MrPt
why did the snail paint an 's' on his car? because when he drives by, people will shout, 's car go!' -toast
what are mario's favorite type of pants? denim denim denim -bravo
i told a friend not to worry about memory management on tests. worst case, he’d lose a pointer two. -Scoobs
why did the database start feeling better? it took a giant dump. -Scoobs
how did pirates collaborate before computers? pier to pier networking -Scoobs
why do software testers have so many children? because they're trained to reproduce mistakes. -Scoobs
what's the difference between a dentist and a web page? the doctype. -Scoobs
what did gandalf say to the poorly formatted date string? "you shall not parse!" -Scoobs
why does yoda's code always crash? because there is no try. -Scoobs
why do frontend devs always eat alone? they don't know how to join tables! -Scoobs
what wedding gift should you get for a windows administrator? i don't know, perhaps you should check the registry for clues -sheep
the people of dubai don't like the flintstones... but the people of abu dhabi do! -bravo
why don't skeletons go trick or treating?  because they have no body to go with -bravo
how do billboards talk? sign language -bravo
what did the left ass cheek say to the right ass cheek? if we stick together, we can stop all this shit. -caper
cashier: would you like your milk in a bag? me: no, please leave it in the carton -o2
what do you call a fish with two knees?
a two-knee fish -yolovert
what do you call a fish with two knees? a two-knee fish  -yolovert
i tell dad jokes but i don't have kids....i'm a faux pa! -yolovert
what did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? aye matey -yolovert
what concert costs $0.45? fifty cent feat. nickleback  -yolovert
why can't a nose be 12" long? because then it'd be a foot -yolovert
a son says to his dad "make me a sandwich" and the dad responds "poof! you're a sandwich" -yolovert
what do plants do when they first meet each other? they in-tree-duce themselves! -yolovert
what do you call a cheerleading herb? an encourage-mint -yolovert
what did the grape do when it was stepped on? it let out a little wine -yolovert
why was the gardener so embarrassed? he wet his plants -yolovert
why do bears have hairy coats? fur protection -yolovert
did you hear about the cheese factory explosion? da brie was everywhere -yolovert
what do you call someone else's cheese? nacho cheese -yolovert
what do you call a fish with two knees?
a two-knee fish -Sheep
what do you call a fish with two knees? a two-knee fish  -Sheep
i tell dad jokes but i don't have kids....i'm a faux pa! -Sheep
what did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? aye matey -Sheep
what concert costs $0.45? fifty cent feat. nickleback  -Sheep
why can't a nose be 12" long? because then it'd be a foot -Sheep
a son says to his dad "make me a sandwich" and the dad responds "poof! you're a sandwich" -Sheep
what do plants do when they first meet each other? they in-tree-duce themselves! -Sheep
what do you call a cheerleading herb? an encourage-mint -Sheep
what did the grape do when it was stepped on? it let out a little wine -Sheep
why was the gardener so embarrassed? he wet his plants -Sheep
why do bears have hairy coats? fur protection -Sheep
did you hear about the cheese factory explosion? da brie was everywhere -Sheep
what do you call someone else's cheese? nacho cheese -Sheep
how do dogs tell knock knock jokes?  "knock knock." bark bark bark bark -bravo
why does the pasta website keep falling apart? it's made with spaghetti code -Sheep
what do you call a singing computer? a dell  -Sheep
why was the programmer a terrible bartender? he wouldn't use tabs -Sheep
why didn't indiana jones become a programmer? he's afraid of python  -Sheep
where does the t-rex go to get its groceries? the "dino-store" -Sheep
why did the hipster burn his mouth. he ate the pizza before it was cool -Bishop
what does a zombie vegetarian eat? “grrraaaiins!” -Bishop
why was it quiet at the graveyard smash? the party was totally dead. -Kit
why shouldn't you fart in an apple store? they don't have windows. -storm
why did karen press ctrl+alt+del? she wanted to talk to the task manager. -bravo
what genre are national anthems? country. -bravo
what genre of music are national anthems? country -Bishop
there's a fine line between the numerator and denominator -storm
what kind of music do windmills listen to?  well, they're big metal fans. -poe
what do you call a batman who skips church? christian bale -Sheep
where do you store dad jokes? in a dadabase. -Scoobs
a slice of pie is $2.50 in jamaica and $3.00 in the bahamas. these are the pie rates of the caribbean -Sheep
if you see a robbery at an apple store does that make you an iwitness? -Sheep
time flies like an arrow....fruit flies like a banana  -Sheep
why did the cpu go broke? a reboot cleared out all of its cache. now it has insufficient resources. -Sheep
what do computers love to do at the beach? put on some spam block for protection so they can safely surf the net while catching some .wavs! -Sheep
